well howdy there internet people it's bo
again
so today um
i want to talk about the most frequently
asked question i've gotten over the last
month
and i want to point something out about
it the question
is you know my cousin
brother uncle husband father grandfather
whoever madly in love with trump i can't
break them free i've tried everything
i don't know what to do they're not the
same person they were five years ago
you know help me reach this person and
the thing that strikes me about almost
every one of these messages or every one
of these comments is that the person
sending or leaving it it seems as though
they feel like they
failed like they couldn't figure out the
combination
the pattern the right series of
arguments to use
to break this person that they care
about free
i want to point something out there was
a person
who commented on this channel
all the time like every day hundreds of
comments
over hundreds of videos every one of
them
telling me how wrong i was and
and just praising trump at every turn
a while back i did a like a joint
production thing
with the channel re-education okay
two weeks after that video
went public two weeks that guy
sent me a message saying that he had
started watching
that channel and that he feels bad
wanted to apologize
he realizes he was on a dark path and
that he had seen the error of his ways
and all of that
complete redemption story this guy had
been watching me
for months months
two weeks watching
re-education completely changed
sometimes it's not the argument you're
using
sometimes it's not your
sometimes there is no combination for
you
there was something about me my delivery
my style
whatever that could not get through to
this person
the other channel cut quickly
it may not be that you use the wrong
arguments
it may not be that you don't know the
pattern
it may be that you're not the right
messenger
that it has to come from somebody that
for whatever reason they
relate to on a different level
it really might be that simple you can't
look at this as a failure
on your part you did everything you
could
it may just be that you're not the right
person
to make that argument i would also point
out
the person that you knew five years ago
is gone
you're probably you may be
basing your arguments on the principles
that they once had
those principles for trump loyalists
today
at this stage in the game they're
probably gone
that person that you knew doesn't exist
anymore the principle today is loyalty
to trump
at this stage in the game it's a cult
personality
they're going to try to defend him no
matter what
you could attempt to show them
how how much they've changed
and how their principles things they
really used to believe in
they've kind of abandoned but understand
there's a risk with that
because that could just reinforce the
idea
that dear leader has shown them the
light
and led them to a better path
there is no combination there's no
pattern
that's going to work on every person it
doesn't exist
if it did i wouldn't have relatives have
trump signs in their yard
and i do
you also have to accept the fact and
it's it's
a sad thing but
some men you just can't reach
you're not going to be able to do it for
some people
if after this long they still have just
that amazing level of faith they're in
that cult of personality
and it's going to take something
probably outside of your control
to break them free of that
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day